Why am I in the hotel?
Well, forget it. I don't want to.
Hey
Ruoxi, you and I are ready to give birth
You don't need to know who this man is
You don't even know who the man is
How dare you give birth
Are you crazy?
Do you want the whole hero
Look at our golden armor jokes
I know who he is.
But I don't have to tell you that I disagree.
It's not your turn to agree
If you dare to give birth, I will make you famous from the Jin family
Take the baby and give me a hard life
Okay, let's go
Hey sir hurry up
It's really against him
Before?
I'll let him go, and now I'm taking a wild man
She was pregnant.
What can be done?
What else could we do?
Get it back for me
Calm down, I'll go